Update README.md (#705)
returntocorp/sgrep-rules: README.md

## Running Rules in CI/Pre-Commit/Developer Workflow

> If you want run these rules rather than write them, [see the CI instructions on the semgrep live registry](https://semgrep.live/packs). That website is a convenient frontend for this git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want run these rules rather than write them, [see the CI instructions on the Semgrep Registry](https://semgrep.live/packs) (click through to any rule pack). That website is a convenient frontend for this repository.
```
